Pagination documentation update (#717)
radiantearth/stac-spec: api-spec/api-spec.md

| query     | string \| QueryFilter | Placeholder parameter for [API Query Extension](extensions/query/README.md) query value. |

 **query** Represents a query in the query language.

### Paging Extension

OGC API supports paging through hypermedia links and STAC follows the same pattern for the cross collection search. For 
GET requests, a link with `rel` type `next` is supplied.  This link may contain any URL parameter that is necessary 
for the implementation to understand how to provide the next page of results, eg: `page`, `next`, `token`, etc.  The 
parameter name is defined by the implementor and is not necessarily part of the API specification.  For example:

```json

> {

Reviewer: I guess it would be good to also have a more complex example with method, headers etc, too.

Author: I cleaned up the examples and added an additional example using headers.

    "type": "FeatureCollection",
    "features": [],
    "links": [
        {
            "rel": "next",
            "href": "http://api.cool-sat.com/search?page=2"
        }
    ]
}
```

The href may contain any arbitrary URL parameter:

* `http://api.cool-sat.com/search?page=2`
* `http://api.cool-sat.com/search?next=8a35eba9c`
* `http://api.cool-sat.com/search?token=f32890a0bdb09ac3`

OAFeat does not support POST requests for searches, however the STAC API spec does. Hypermedia links are not designed 
for anything other than GET requests, so providing a next link for a POST search request becomes problematic. STAC has 
decided to extend the `link` object to support additional fields that provide hints to the client as to how it should 
execute a subsequent request for the next page of results.

The following fields have been added to the `link` object specification for the API spec:

| Parameter | Type             | Description |
| --------- | ---------------- | ----------- |

> | method    | string           | One of `GET` or `POST` to indicate the HTTP method of the request |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| method    | string           | The HTTP method of the request, usually `GET` or `POST`. Defaults to `GET` |
```

| headers   | object           | A dictionary of header values that should be included in the next request |
| body      | object           | A JSON object containing fields/values that should be included in the body of the next request |

> | merge     | boolean          | If true, the headers/body fields in the next link should be merged into the original request for the next request | 

Reviewer: We should mention the default value for merge.

> | merge     | boolean          | If true, the headers/body fields in the next link should be merged into the original request for the next request | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| merge     | boolean          | If `true`, the headers/body fields in the `next` link should be merged into the original request and be sent combined in the next request. Defaults to `false` | 
```
